kemberly
have a good day at high school and be
good yes have a good day at high school
young lady okay mom and dad I will
good bye Kimberly this is gonna be the
best day ever
oh look the bus is here I must get in hi
Alvin hi Kimberly you look pretty today
thanks a line so do you Wow
it sure is a bumpy ride to school yes it
is Kimberly the bus is going up and down
down the road well at least I will have
a good day at high school good morning
class I'm miss rocket and we're going to
do a special spelling test there will be
20 words on your paper so let's get to
work what was that smell it was me miss
rocket I farted Kimberly that was nasty
you should not fart in class Alvin is
right Kimberly we do not fart in class
go to the principal's office now and
don't stink at the classroom again so
Kimberly why are you here today I fired
it in class Kimberly you know better
than that
that's it expelled oh home now
Kimberly I can't believe you farted in
class today and then you got expelled we
are so mad at you young lady you are
grounded grounded grounded this means no
TV no laptop no video games no pizza and
you will skip your date with Alvin but
I'm sorry oh sorry is not going to work
go to your room now